Read and export Geant4 surface definitions (#1824)
celeritas-project/celeritas: doc/implementation/geometry.rst

   and indirect children for each node.  Celeritas always uses 64-bit integers
   to store the ``VolumeUniqueInstanceId``.

Surface
   A *surface* is defined as a contiguous area on the boundary of a volume,
   sometimes on only a single side of the volume. Note that this definition

>    different to the infinite surfaces of ORANGE and the surface frames of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   differs from the infinite surfaces of ORANGE and the surface frames of
```

Author: Britishisms sneak into my documentation every so often 😉

   VecGeom. Surfaces currently are defined in two ways: *Interface* surfaces
   are one-directional surfaces defined as the interface from one
   volume instance to another, called "border surfaces" in Geant4. *Boundary*

>    surfaces surrounding an entire volume and are called "skin" in Geant4.

Reviewer: A little more documentation (not necessarily in this PR) on the interface/border and boundary/skin surfaces could be very helpful---e.g. something on the order of precedence for surfaces or even a table like in section 2.4 [here](https://www.fe.infn.it/u/paterno/Geant4_tutorial/slides_further/Physics/Dietz-Laursonn_2016_Peculiarities%20in%20the%20Simulationof%20Optical%20Physics%20with%20Geant4.pdf).
```suggestion
   volume instance to another, called "border surfaces" in Geant4. *Boundary*
   surfaces ("skin" surfaces in Geant4) surround an entire volume and their properties apply symmetrically to photons entering or exiting.
```

Author: Since the surface order precedence is a particular (and peculiar) implementation detail of the Geant4 optical boundary process, it isn't part of the "surface params" as such. If we wanted to, we could change the precedence of the boundaries at runtime or in different physics implementations.
